Hello, freak bitches.
I I've heard like people, uh, particularly like, uh, um,
left wing leaning feminists or, or like, so female comics who are feminists,
who I know several of. Oh, dare you. And I've uh, yes.
I know you call people out. Well, I calling 'em out. I'll call. 'em not by name,
but, uh, but I've, I've heard and they'll, they'll get very, and,
and of them said to me, once they go, you know, Dave,
your whole thing is just that you hate women. Aw. That's, you're horrible.
But it's like, hate.
Women. Like what do you,
I saw woman say that to Brian POA and you know what he said, it was hilarious.
He goes, you know what? I've heard that before. And every woman that said that,
I hated <laugh>.
That really is a great response because it was a stupid.
Argument. It is. She was just like saying like, you know, a blanket statement.
You hate women. No, no you.
But I just go, I, I, and I challenge a lot of people on, on the left, who,
who talk about race or sexism and these things, I just challenge you to, to,
to just entertain the possibility for like one second entertain
the possibility that you're not right about all of this to off.
And that the correct position is to treat everybody equal.
Now I know that sounds really, really wild and out there,
and I'm not taking a new account, my white privilege and the history,
but just entertain for one second.
The possibility that the correct answer is to treat everybody equal and not
judge them based on their race. And then you,
if you entertain that for one second, you'll start realizing like, oh, holy.
If that's true, I'm really the one being the big here. I've seen this. So like,
uh, um, if you know,
the roast battle shows they have down at the comedy store here and,
and they started doing 'em in New York too. Now they're really popular.
There are like these group of female comics that will come out and I don't even
begrudge them for this, but they'll come out and just hardcore,
like root for the female comic. Okay. Like they'll post about like,
just wanna see more women eat at roast battle coming out tonight to cheer on my
girl, blah, blah. And there'll be this dynamic where like their first two jokes,
you know, they'll just get this. Like, it's just like, you know,
female voices from the corner where the comics hang like super, super loud for,
for the chick comic. And like, whatever, I don't begrudge them. Anything like,
fine, come do that. But it's just like those same people who will be like,
you're like against women.
Like I would never in a million years go out to a show and be like,
I'm just rooting for the men today. Like, like, I don't think this way,
I'm not like on team man, but you are on team women. Like, it's just,
it just seems to me that there's a lot of that going on. You know what I mean?
A lot of that where it's like, you,
you kind of project this thing that you see racism everywhere,
or you see sexism everywhere.
But all I really see is you lecturing people based on race.
Sex. Well, in their mind, they're allowed to do it the same way.
Kane Vela is allowed to have brown pride in his chest. Yeah.
Kind the same thing. Like you're, you're disenfranchised or you're marginalized.
So you're allowed to stay. Even if you're not,
you're playing that victim card as a woman. And you're allowed to say,
I'm here to support my girl.
Like I was talking about this on stage the other day,
I saw a bumper sticker in a car. It said girls kick. And I was like,
some of them. Yeah. Some of them are lazy SLS. I like,
what are you gonna align yourself with 150 million women just in this country
alone. That's ridiculous. And I was saying, if a guy had a bumper sticker,
it said, boys, kick. He'd be like,
follow that guy and find out where he is been these kids. Cuz first of all,
you'd never say boys, <laugh> boys kick. You put that on a, your bumper stick.
What the are you? You'd pull 'em over. Let see your license. Where do you live,
man? What do you do for a living? Why what's that bumper sticker about the, the?
Do you mean by that?
Yes. And I don't need, like, I,
I almost feel like an sometimes where I preface everything with a disclaimer,
like, and I'm not saying this I'm not, but I just wanted to be clear that like,
I'm not saying there aren't exceptions to the rule, of course.
But it's also kind of strange to me that like, if you wanna celebrate women,
why are you celebrating such a masculine quality? Like, it's kind of like,
it's like, look, there are white players who are basketball players, right.
There are white Navitzky was an amazing basketball player. Right.
But if I just wrote somewhere like white people kick at basketball, it's like,
well actually, well this is a movie come out.
They don't in general women don't kick in general in generally speaking,
that's a male thing to do. Right? So like,
I'm not saying there's not exceptions to that, but you're like,
you're writing white people kick at basketball. It's kind of misleading.
<laugh> right.
Well, there's that thing. That's coming out that movie with Steve,
Corll where he plays, uh,
that man who had a basket or the tennis match against Billy Jean King.
And he was like barely ranked.
He was a terrible tennis player and he Billy Jean King up. And it was,
and he was like sort of mocking her the whole way. And it was like a real.
Hallmark. I don't know about that. He just, he just played a, a.
Tennis player, a professional tennis player, but he wasn't the Basson,
Billy Jean King was the best woman in the world.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and they played and the Steve Carrell character beat her.
Isn't that? Wasn't that what happened? I think so.
I believe that's what happened. I'm I'm getting them conflated with Renee,
Richard,
the guy who used to be a man and then became a transgender woman and started
stomping everybody in tennis. He's like terrible as a man.
And then it became a woman who's one of the best of the world. And like,
but there's no biological difference even without a penis.
You're still stomping him. It again.
Is like so funny because once you it's so funny,
like how much this stuff starts undermining their own arguments.
That Billy Jean King won. Yeah. Yeah. I get that wrong. So I got wrong.
The Renee Richard won. Yeah. That's what I fus. So, um, what was the,
and, and he was like particularly gross. Right.
And Steve Corll plays him really well in the movie. Same Steve Corll who played,
uh, that crazy guy in that wrestling.
He did a really great job with that. A creepy story.
What a crazy story. The.
ESPN 30 for 30 on this. Yes, I did so good, man. I mean, you know,
not a good in the sense that the such a compelling, unbelievable story.
Oh my God. Yeah.
So when Steve Corll played that character, and then you watch the video,
the actual character, they're like, whoa, like he just nailed that guy.
Steve, car's an incredible talent man. Oh, he's.
So he's such a good.
Actor to be that funny of a comedian and that good of a dramatic actor.
pretty incredible. I guess his comedy though is always kind of his acting,
you know, is like, that's his strength in comedy?
Like he he'd own that character.
Kind of, you know, well, Roger Feder said that recently and he got in trouble,
right? That the, the best women, no, wasn't wasn't Roger.
Feder was, what's the name of the older guy? Uh. What's what's the John McEnroe.
McEnroe. Yeah. MC row said that and.
They let him, they let him into it. He said he,
he started by saying Serena was the best female player. Right. And then they go,
why female? Oh, well. And he was like, well, what do you mean? I,
because I think she's the best female player. He goes, well, why female?
Why not say male? He goes, cuz the men are way better.
Like he was literally just answering the question.
Like I know I started off giving this woman an extraordinary compliment.
That was the story.
I remember didn't Serena play against an unranked male player. She did.
They used to play when they were younger. I think she, well,
she played against some guy that was the story and the guy kicked her and
everybody was like, what?
It just seems to me to be this thing where I kind of look at,
obviously like we're talking at general here and there are exceptions. Like,
you know what I'm saying? Like there are like, you know, uh, uh,
Rhonda Rousey could beat the out of me. I still, well,
you're not a fighter fighter. I still use her as an example. But it's a bad.
Example. No, no, but I'm saying you're.
Not a fighter. No, but I'm just making the point that like,
if you have this stereotype that men are stronger than women or something like
that, there are exceptions to the rule. If you get, and there are, there are,
and I still use Rononda Rousey, even though she not champ anymore.
She's just still got that ring to it. Um,
but I'm saying there are exceptions to the rule. There are exceptions. And,
and to treat someone based on a group dynamic is, is ignorant,
like to, to, but if you're going to, like,
I do think there are differences between men and women generally speaking.
And if you believe that it's like, if we're gonna celebrate women,
I just think it's odd that we have to celebrate the most masculine achievements
of women. It's like celebrating them kicking.
There are these things that I feel like women are superior to men in that I'm
very impressed by them. Like.
I, I just think women, hold on, lemme stop you.
Cuz you think that running a corporation is masculine.
Like do you think that being involved in any creative endeavor is masculine?
Do you think that involved in anything in tech is masculine? No, I was.
That's what they're talking about. Right? Well, I was more.
Uh, uh, responding to the women kick. I bet.
That's just stupid bumper sticker. No, you're right. It is.
It's really just group think is I think my issue with it was if.
If you see things like, um, well I just,
but the element I'm responding to is that kick as me just seems to be kind of
like a masculine thing. I'm describing that as.
Masculine. Yeah. Just one silly stupid bumper sticker. Sure, sure.
But like to say those things, right? Yes.
Yes. But I just think there's something about it.
It seems to me like the nurturing element of femininity is almost like
denigrated and the kissy kick element is like is
praise where it's like,
if I'm talking kicking and nurture and I'm talking men verse women in general,
just broad speaking. Right? Like I,
I tend to think of one being male and one being, uh, female, right.
To wrap this all up and bring it all day.
I think we'd all be better off male women, white, black, Asian, whatever,
if we just reasonable, nice people, you know?
And that's the real problem is that we lock off as we've been discussing all,
all day into these camps. Yeah. We are on camp,
white male and we are on camp,
black male or camp gay or camp transgender or camp woman.
And we just lock into these ideologies and we hate anybody else different.
And we have these divisive things that we say like all white men are trash and
less proven. Otherwise, you know, like that kind of crazy, like you're,
you're setting it up. So the guy's like, sorry, sorry. Like you come in. Sorry.
So it's not me. I didn't do it.
I didn't do it instead of just being a reasonable normal person,
but there's not enough reasonable normal people.
So women are constantly dealing with.
So they develop these kind of be pattern patterns of behavior.
They think out men as being these intrusive people who just want to get in your
pants and really don't care about you and they're manipulative and they just
wanna you. Which is.
When you say it. I mean that is somewhat true. That does try.
Describe us. True. And then men think of women as being manipulative too,
always looking for the bigger, better deal, you know? Well,
they're gonna their personal trainer while you're at work.
And we think about getting divorced and losing all your money.
You were too stupid. You didn't sign a prenuptial agreement.
She hires some kick attorney and then you're.
And we all know guys who have experienced that before too. They,
she lies about you beating the kids and then she gets full.
Custody. Like that's all real, but then the good stuff is all real too.
It's all, you know what I mean? It's like, that's all real.
And that does happen.
But then there's also like the chick who just like gives a guy like, you know,
like the security and confidence. He never to go be great. Sure.
There's the guy who like,
does support his chick through like her endeavors and like, you know, it's like,
sure. So it's like, you gotta, you know, it's like, it's like that in, in,
in the,
the hurricane in Houston kind of put some perspective on that for me where it's
like, you know, it's like, you see just like all these people,
it's like Antifa versus Nazis as the state of the country.
And then you see like this, this horrible hurricane happen.
And just the acts of kindness after where you see these people, like,
like young guys, like, like these group of like 20 year olds, maybe they were,
I saw who took their, like their like, uh, motor boats.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> down to Houston and are pulling old people yeah.
Out of like their homes. And you're like, God it. Like that's our country too.
Yep. You know? And like, it is like, it it's all real.
Like the Nazis are our country too, but that guy's our country.
Too.
But that is also is people responding to a very real pro problem where it really
unites people. They feel like they have to help each other. It's a real problem.
You know,
most of the time we're separating from each other by buildings and cars.
And there's this weird alienation we have with one another.